scripts/prepare-release.sh shellcheck:SC2086
plugins/modules/generic_item.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/generic_item.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/generic_item.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/generic_item.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/generic_item.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/generic_item.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/generic_item.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/item_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/item_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/item_info.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/item_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/item_info.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/item_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/item_info.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/field_info.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/field_info.py compile-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/field_info.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/field_info.py compile-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/field_info.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/field_info.py compile-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/field_info.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license